docs(changelog): fixing tabindex on panel button (#255)
Esri/feedback-js-api-next: CHANGELOG.md

- [Esri Community - 1307834](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-javascript-maps-sdk-questions/attachments-widget-bug/m-p/1307834): Fixed an issue where the [Attachments](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-Attachments.html) widget throws an error saying `cannot set properties of null even though graphic valid`.
- [Esri Community - 1308220](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-javascript-maps-sdk-questions/searchwidget-with-view-no-layerview-for-layer/m-p/1308220): Fixed an issue with displaying an error message in the browser console when creating a [FeatureLayer](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-layers-FeatureLayer.html) on-the-fly to use as a [LayerSearchSource](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-Search-LayerSearchSource.html) with the [Search](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-Search.html) widget.

> - [Esri Community - 1323058](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-javascript-maps-sdk-questions/layer-list-item-panel-expand-collapse-button-has/m-p/1323058): Fixed an accessibility issue in the [LayerList](https://next.sites.afd.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-LayerList.html) where the button to open the [ListItemPanel](https://next.sites.afd.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-LayerList-ListItemPanel.html) was missing a tabindex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Esri Community - 1323058](https://community.esri.com/t5/arcgis-javascript-maps-sdk-questions/layer-list-item-panel-expand-collapse-button-has/m-p/1323058): Fixed an accessibility issue in the [LayerList](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-LayerList.html) where the button to open the [ListItemPanel](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-widgets-LayerList-ListItemPanel.html) was missing a tabindex.
```

Author: D'oh!
